
Welcome to FIMS V1.1

FIMS describes a vendor-neutral common framework for implementing Interoperable Media Services using a Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) based system, supporting interoperability, interchangeability and reusability of media specific services. 

The package includes information about the FIMS V1.1 interfaces. The previous version V1.07 contains specifications for Capture, Transfer, Transform leveraging the SOAP protocol. FIMS V1.1 adds the repository interface as well as small updates to common underline object schema. FIMS V1.1 also provides REST specifications for Repository, Capture, Transfer, Transform interfaces.  

The packages is divided into several sections:

1- WSDL-REST-XSD: This folder contains all the XSD and WSDL files for all interface types. Use these files within your implementation tools for contract-first development, domain model generation, payload validation. 

2- FIMS 1.1 Technical Specification - General Description: Document covering high-level of FIMS concepts: architecture, message patterns, media service management,…

3- API Documentation: This folder is divided into separate sub-folder representing the API technical specification details for each interface type:
     a- Repository: click on the file labeled START HERE.html to open the documentation.
     b- Transform: click on the file labeled START HERE.html to open the documentation.            
     c- Transfer: click on the file labeled START HERE.html to open the documentation.     
     d- Capture: click on the file labeled START HERE.html to open the documentation.
 
 The API documentation is HTML based, it allows for easy navigation thru the interface operations and object model. It is compatible with all web browser types but best performance have been experienced with Google Chrome and Firefox.

4- Sample Implementations ReadMe.txt: Document describing the list of available sample implementations.

Questions and comments should be directed to: fims_adm@list.ebu.ch
  
Copyright 2014 The European Broadcasting Union and the Advanced Media Workflow Association 